[Music]
hi everyone I'm Scarlett Johansson I'm
really excited to bring you my new movie
ghost in the shell' i play the major and
it's a film that I feel very passionate
about I know you guys are going to be
seeing me a film in its entirety very
soon but until then please take a look
at this five-minute clip please enjoy
[Music]
this is Major I'm gonna say I'm him I'm
floor by race change and enhancement now
there's nothing I can't do nothing
nothing I can no nothing I can't be
listen it's my boy year old daughter the
time it took her to sing that lullaby
start to speak fluent French there's an
echo box up here someone's scanning data
traffic
see who's worth this kind of
surveillance accessing hotel security
network
[Music]
got it 43rd floor someone contact
president staff someone's watching him
dr. Osmond what is it you want from us I
think it's more about what hanker
robotics can do for you
seventy-three percent of this world
woken up to the age of cyber enhancement
I really want to be left behind my
people embrace cyber announcement as do
i there's no one who really understands
the risk to individuality identity
messing with the human soul gentleman
excuse me
oh wait six men shots fired section 982
meters out major
I did speak before from your competitors
and now I got a pocket subject in the
mucus ah
[Music]
[Applause]
who sent you please answer me
collaborate with HECO robotics and be
destroyed
[Music]